todo.md, before:

# To-Do List

- [x] Do up a readme.md file for github
- [x] Make the missing-prefix reminder use a GUI dialog instead of a message
- [x] Make the missing-prefix GUI have a text box to actually *set* the prefix
  directly from the reminder :)
- [ ] Figure out an *automated* testing approach that would actually work
- [ ] Requests for the Factorio devs
    - [ ] Add an additional `game.save()` function that works in SP and doesn't
      add the `autosave-` prefix
    - [ ] Allow creating saves in subdirectories from the various save
      functions -- this can only be done manually, right now


## User Requests

### wrsomsky

1. ~~Drop the `autosave-` prefix~~
    - Not currently possible, the prefix comes from the `game.auto_save()`
    function used in SP games
2. [x] Fixed-width timestamps, left-padded with zeros
3. [x] Add an on-demand/tagged save function
    - [x] Takes a user-specified suffix to add to the save name
    - [x] GUI button for it
    - [x] Toggle option for enabling the GUI button
    - [x] Configurable keybind for it

### Mithaldu

1. [ ] Add a "prompt only" configuration option to prompt the player for a
   tagged save instead of actually making the autosave
   - SP-only? If not, how do we determine who to prompt in MP? Make the setting
   `runtime-per-user` and prompt only the players that opt into it?
   - It turns out that mods can't trigger saves for non-server players, so this
   is irrelevant

Commit message:

Move from MoonScript to Yuescript

todo.md, after:

# To-Do List

- [x] Do up a readme.md file for github
- [x] Make the missing-prefix reminder use a GUI dialog instead of a message
- [x] Make the missing-prefix GUI have a text box to actually *set* the prefix
  directly from the reminder :)
- [ ] Figure out an *automated* testing approach that would actually work
- [ ] Requests for the Factorio devs
    - [ ] Add an additional `game.save()` function that works in SP and doesn't
      add the `autosave-` prefix
    - [ ] Allow creating saves in subdirectories from the various save
      functions -- this can only be done manually, right now

## Tooling

- [x] Move to Nix flakes
- [ ] Add a package output to the flake
- [ ] Set up a tag-triggered automated release process?
    - [ ] Release to GH
    - [ ] Release to Factorio mod portal
- [ ] Write my own changelog generator, use a TOML file as the source rather
  than JSON?
    - Alternatively, just use yj to port TOML to JSON as part of the changelog
    build target?

## Unnecessary Optimisations

They may be the root of all evil, but they sure are fun to implement ;).

- [ ] Cache the settings from `settings.global` into our own table at the
  top-level in the control phase, then refresh it as required by hooking
  `on_runtime_mod_setting_changed`


## User Requests

### wrsomsky

1. ~~Drop the `autosave-` prefix~~
    - Not currently possible, the prefix comes from the `game.auto_save()`
    function used in SP games
2. [x] Fixed-width timestamps, left-padded with zeros
3. [x] Add an on-demand/tagged save function
    - [x] Takes a user-specified suffix to add to the save name
    - [x] GUI button for it
    - [x] Toggle option for enabling the GUI button
    - [x] Configurable keybind for it

### Mithaldu

1. [ ] Add a "prompt only" configuration option to prompt the player for a
   tagged save instead of actually making the autosave
   - SP-only? If not, how do we determine who to prompt in MP? Make the setting
   `runtime-per-user` and prompt only the players that opt into it?
   - It turns out that mods can't trigger saves for non-server players, so this
   is irrelevant
